[Applause]
what's up everyone it's blast back here
with my phase 3 and phase 4 bis video
for the ret pve scenario
in this video we're going to be talking
about what's biss in phase 3 as well as
the upgrades that are available in
zulemon in phase 4. there are still a
lot of items from phase 2 in the phase 3
and phase 4 setups so running back to
tier v instances might be in your future
let's start with the helmets there are a
couple main available helmets while one
is one of the most sought after items in
the game
the main helmet that you will be going
after is cursed vision of sargeras which
drops off of illidan in black temple
cursed vision is great and comparable to
the ng goggles in sunwell plateau
this will be your best and slot helmet
it also looks absolutely amazing
the second helmet is forest prowler's
home which drops off of illidari council
and black temple
unfortunately this helmet is one of the
ugliest in the game but provides a ton
of crit
this is a good helm if you aren't in
line for cursed vision and do not need
the hit from the hit option helm of the
illidari shatterer
helm of the illidari shatterer which
drops off of the illidari council in
black temple is helpful if you need 6
percent hit or are lacking hit in the
first place
you will be fighting warriors rogues
hunters and enhance for cursed vision
if you can get your hands on a helm of
the illidari shatterer or a forest
prowler's helm i would not pass it up
for the 3 hit set you will be aiming for
the necklace that drops off of the ssc
trash mobs pendant of the perilous
this neck was rare for me while farming
tier 5 so it may still take some time to
obtain
if you need the hit in this slot you
should be aiming for choker of endless
nightmares from supremacy and black
temple
this is another item that will be
contested as well
this is why going for pendant of the
perilous is better in the long run for
us
there are two shoulder choices with one
being from our phase two or tier v best
in slot
shoulder pads of the stranger are
amazing and should be sought after even
if you do not have them going into phase
three
make sure to grab these shoulders
because of the interaction of expertise
with other items could produce an extra
point of expertise if you do not have
these shoulders your second best in slot
will be the leather working shoulders
swift strike shoulders the leather
shoulders are the best itemized
shoulders for us even over the plate and
male versions however you should still
be aiming for shoulder pads of the
stranger
cloak of darkness will be your best
cloak but it will be a very small amount
of dps
if you are trying to min max your damage
to the fullest extent then this will be
for you it has a gem slot so you can
socket a sweet new epic strength gem in
it as well
the backup cloak will be the best and
slot cloak from phase two razor scale
battle cloak
if you need hit for the six percent hit
set you can also get shadow moon
destroyers drape which drops off of
taran gorfind in black temple
for the chest slot you can choose
between two the tier chest which drops
off of illidan in black temple
or midnight chest guard which drops off
of archimonde in mount hyjal
these two chests are comparable in terms
of dps where midnight has a slight
advantage in dps
while the tier chest has plate armor and
the ability to enable two set if you so
desire
i will be aiming for midnight chest
guard in this slot however i do want to
pick up both
your bracers and belt slots are two
pieces that i don't believe have any
other options for best and slot
bindings of the lightning reflexes
crafted from leatherworking will be your
best in slot bracers
similar to the leatherworking shoulders
these male bracers provide the best stat
itemization for ret paladins
they will however be a little difficult
to get crafted in the beginning of the
phase as the hearts of darkness will be
poured into shadow resistance gear
the belt is your best and slot belt from
phase 2 belt of 100 deaths off of lady
vosh in serpent shrine cavern
make sure you get this belt if you
didn't already this belt is best in slot
until sunwell for rhett and is a huge
expertise bonus do not pass this belt up
you have two slots for gloves similar to
your shoulder slots one with expertise
and one with haste
the expertise gloves gloves of the
searing grip drop off of allar and
tempus keep which are my recommended and
the best in slot gloves expertise is too
rare and too valuable in this slot and
these gloves should be used above all
else
if you do not have these gloves you
should be obtaining grips of damnation
from reliquary of souls in black temple
these gloves will be your second bis if
you are unable to obtain the alar gloves
now we enter the slot we have all been
waiting for the legs
we are finally replacing shattrath
leggings no matter what your race is
bow stitched leggings off of asgalore
and mount hydro are the leggings that we
are all aiming for
these have an insane amount of stats and
a higher armor that we can finally
replace our blue quest legs with
this is the slot i also recommend to use
to set with if you are feeling like
experimenting the tier legs which drop
off of illidari council in black temple
would enable you to use your two set
now in a top high tier guild i recommend
bow stitched 100 of the time
if you are in a guild that has a little
longer kill times and you find yourself
running out of mana constantly i would
get these legs
they can also have applications in
speedrunning to conserve mana
your best and slot boots will be
shadowmaster's boots off of mother
shiraz in black temple these boots are
similar to curse vision in a sense of
increased competition for the item
these boots are also great in a 3 hit
set and give a great amount of crit
the second best in slot boots are dread
boots of the legion
these drop off of reliquary of souls in
black temple
these boots are a great piece to get if
you are needing an extra amount of hit
in this slot
for rings they are very close in terms
of dps and there are three rings in
question
shape shifter signet
band of devastation which drops off of
trash in black temple
an unstoppable aggressor's ring which
drops off of blood boil in black temple
on paper band of devastation provides
the most dps
only by two
however
shapeshifters signet provides more
consistency with the expertise given
basically in terms of full bits you can
choose either two times devastation
or
shape shifters plus one of the other two
rings
personally i am a fan of unstoppable
aggressors ring as this is a great ring
in pve as well as being used in pvp
my recommendation overall
choose what you like best there are
advantages to all three this slot is a
very small amount of dps similar to our
boots in phase 2 go with what you like
or are able to obtain
moving on to the trinkets i am
recommending the same two trinkets as
phase 1 and phase 2. bloodlust broach
and dragon spine trophy
these trinkets are great all around for
burst or trash killing
another couple trinkets that you could
use during this time are mark of the
champion
darkmoon card crusade and abacus of the
violent odds
marco the champion in abacus sims
slightly over broach in 3 minute fights
however since our bloodlust or wings
phase is so important for our overall
dps i believe that using broach with
wings provides better dps than mark or
abacus
this is also reliant on your kill times
and actual burst phase
if your kill times are longer and rely
less on your burst dps marco the
champion becomes better
darkmoon card crusade was in my phase 2
bis list except lately i've been feeling
that it isn't really that worth it
i believe that the burst scenario that i
described with the previous two trinkets
also applies here
i do think that this trinket would be
decent for hydro trash but all in all i
think that i am retracting recommending
this trinket as one of the top trinkets
your best and slot weapon will be torch
of the damned which drops off of
reliquary of souls in black temple
it has the absolute perfect stats for
rhett
slow speed
strength
grit and haste
this weapon will be your best in slot
until sunwell plateau
you can also use this weapon in pvp
i want to clarify between torch of the
damned and cataclysm's edge which drops
off of archimonde and mount hyjal
torch is the superior weapon as crit and
haste are fantastic stats for ret
while armor penetration is not
torch is also superior in terms of speed
as that affects your seal of command
procs rates on your twists
here is what i am recommending for my
phase 3 3 hit set
you will find competition with other
raid members over cursed vision and
shadow masters boots
make sure you are aware of the other
pieces you can get in those slots
this is my recommendation for the six
percent hit set
you will most likely be using dread
boots of the legion as that will allow
the rest of your raid to get leather
boots thus increasing raid dps
if you are lucky enough to get the
leather boots you can substitute the hit
elsewhere
the neck and cloak are great pieces to
use for hit slots make sure that the
first thing that you change when you
need hit is the helm enchant
for phase four there are only two new
items that are joining our biss
both come out of zulemon cloak of fiends
drops off of the first time chest and
berserker's call drops off of zul'jin at
the end
clock fiends is a great upgrade and
gives us extra haste
berserker's call is a fantastic upgrade
for both pve and pvp it's an upgraded
bloodlust broach and has great burst dps
this trinket could quite possibly last
us for the rest of the game
these are items that you can obtain from
an instance that resets every three days
here is my phase four three percent
recommendation all that's changed is the
cloak and the trinket
for the six percent hit set you will
need to utilize dread boots of the
legion in order to reach the cap
thank you all for watching i look
forward to phase three and phase four as
they are the height of tbc if you have
any questions or comments feel free to
join us in the light club discord let's
all get hyped for phase 3 and remember
what illidan said
you are not prepared